Update README (#59)
giantswarm/trivy-app: README.md

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/giantswarm/trivy-app.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/giantswarm/trivy-app)

# trivy-app

> Trivy is a comprehensive security scanner, it has different scanners that look for different security issues, and different targets where it can find those issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trivy is a comprehensive security scanner supporting detection of several types of security issues across various types of target resources.
```

### Targets:

* Container Image
* Filesystem
* Git repository (remote)
* Kubernetes cluster or resource

### Scanners:

* OS packages and software dependencies in use (SBOM)
* Known vulnerabilities (CVEs)
* IaC misconfigurations
* Sensitive information and secrets

> Read more in the (Trivy Documentation)[https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more in the (Trivy documentation)[https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/]
```
